A MONTH LATER
Stop crying.
I'll cut out your tongues
if you keep crying.
Hear me?
Who is that?
I'm a pig slaughterer.
Pig slaughterer? There are no pigs here.
Aren't there three right in front of me?
Ever since a "Beauty Slaughterer"
appeared in Jizhou,
ladies love to carry knives
when they go out.
Says it wards off evils.
Isn't that right?
Nowadays, these young ladies
actually believe this.
Anyone going on a long journey
all dresses up like this.
Look.
Now for those human traffickers, robbers,
village bullies, and local thugs,
what they fear most
is meeting a pretty girl
carrying a butchering knife.
Young lady.
-You look so nice.
-Let me see it.
Beauty Slaughterer!
Quick, run!
Thank you. Thank you, Beauty Slaughterer!
Look, they are all imitating her.
Stop talking nonsense.
If you happen to meet the real deal,
it is only fair to get you
castrated on the spot.
-Lecher!
-Let's try over there.
Filthy language!
Ignore them.
Look at this.
MEDICINE
Where is Fan Changning?
Is there a Fan Changning?
No such name.
Next.
Ning.
Where on earth are you?
I saved so many people.
Why can't I still find you?
MISSING PERSONS
Yan Zheng, if only you were here.
The world is so vast.
Where are you two?
Hey!
Stand right there!
You just won't listen, right?
Told you not to go that way, right?
Go the other way. Understand?
Ning!
Stop!
Don't hit my daddy!
Who are you?
Why are you hitting me?
Are you okay?
Sorry.
I thought you were a human trafficker.
Human trafficker?
I think you're the human trafficker!
I'm going to report you
to the authorities!
ADAPTED FROM THE NOVEL ZHU YU
BY TUAN ZI LAI XI ON JJWXC.NET
EPISODE 20
BAXIA
Once we cross this stone,
we're on my Sui family's territory.
Common folks all call this place Baxia.
According to the legend,
the dragon had nine sons.
One of them resembled a turtle.
Immensely strong, it could
churn rivers and seas.
It was only subdued by Da Yu
when he tamed the floods.
Father bestowed
this strategic location on me.
I renamed it as Baxia.
Hoping this land can live up to its name,
being indestructible.
Isn't this just a big turtle?
The dragon's son is just a big turtle.
I was wasting effort
on an unreceptive audience.
-Keep up.
-The terrain here is so low.
What if there's a flood?
We're here.
SUI
Welcome, Your Highness, back to the manor.
SOARING WINDS, UNBOUNDED SPIRIT
Take my friends here
to the guest rooms. Treat them well.
Yes. This way.
-Thank you, Your Highness.
Let's go.
‎SOARING WINDS, UNBOUNDED SPIRIT
Let's go. What are you doing?
You really are the son of Prince Changxin?
Yes. What did you think?
I thought you were lying to me.
Brother!
EVER VICTORIOUS
Yuanqing.
Brother!
How have you been recently?
I've been well.
You have been through a lot.
I have something to discuss with you.
-Settle them in for some rest.
-Yes.
This way, please.
Come.
Come, let's talk inside.
Scouts reported this morning.
Xie Zheng led a surprise attack
on our Chongzhou grain route last night.
I fear Father won't be able to hold out
at the Lucheng front.
How did Xie Zheng, without anyone knowing,
penetrate deep into Chongzhou?
How many men did he bring?
No more than a hundred cavalry.
Damn it.
Repairing this grain route
will take at least over a month.
Before, Brother mentioned sending men
to guard the grain route.
But Father rejected it.
What a pity.
By the way.
Who were those two just now?
The older one, she's my woman.
The little one is a big surprise.
DECREE OF BENEVOLENT GOVERNANCE
I thought he would get rid of the mother
and keep the child.
Turns out it's the opposite.
So soft-hearted.
Never expected
that Brother is the same as Marquis Wu'an.
Only you are so heartless.
Me, heartless?
As long as you stay with me,
I can give you anything you want.
Then I…
want Xie Zheng and Fan Changyu's heads.
Deal.
Agreed.
Do you still hate me now?
I don't want to overthink now.
After tonight,
I'll decide whether to hate you or not.
YANZHOU MILITARY CAMP
You've worked hard for this strike.
Since when are you so polite to me?
How will you repay me?
Forget what I said.
As for He Jingyuan,
last time during the Lin'an siege,
he solved your predicament.
This time, you attacked the grain route
to give him a breather.
Consider it even.
Oh right, the package.
Someone entrusted me to give this to you.
Candy?
Aren't you the one
who hates sweets the most?
What's wrong? Won't even let me touch it?
DIVORCE LETTER
FAN CHANGYU, WIFE, NATIVE OF JIZHOU
YAN ZHENG, HUSBAND, NATIVE OF CHONGZHOU
HEREBY DIVORCE BY CONSENT
NO HEIRS, NO SHARED ESTATE
FREE TO REMARRY
TO PROTECT EACH OTHER'S REPUTATION
LET THIS LETTER SERVE AS EVIDENCE
SIGNATURE FROM THE WIFE: FAN CHANGYU
SIGNATURE FROM THE HUSBAND
We owe each other nothing anymore.
That's fine.
Where did this bag come from?
Mr. Zhao pulled strings
through layers of connections.
He was also conscripted.
But don't worry.
At most, he will only know me.
He won't know you are here.
Tell them.
Don't let him go to the front lines.
Assign him to the military supply camp.
Alright.
Marquis. The Chongzhou Scout
delivered a declaration of war to you.
TO TRAITOR XIE
Isn't this what I drew?
Sui Yuanqing said
my daughter is in his hands.
Your daughter?
Fan Changning has fallen into his hands.
JIZHOU PREFECTURAL OFFICE
Here they come.
Come here. Come here.
-Mother, I miss you so much.
-My dear.
Your Honor, I heard it was
the Beauty Slaughterer who saved my son,
yet she's the one in prison instead?
She has merit, not guilt!
That's right. Release her, please.
She saved us.
-She has merit, not guilt!
-Right!
Mrs. Fan.
You don't need to force yourself.
Father and Mother said
you must still eat,
still sleep.
Even if the sky falls,
a person still has to live.
You clearly know I can protect you.
I can take you away from here.
But why won't you?
It has been two months already.
I still haven't been able to find Ning.
I don't know where else I can go.
I'm really useless.
I don't even know where Ning is suffering.
JIZHOU PREFECTURAL OFFICE
THE CASE IS CLEAR
You said
my parents were killed
by mountain bandits.
What you said,
is it true?
What do you mean?
Grandpa told me,
the day before my parents died,
they asked him to take care of us.
They knew they were going to die.
Why didn't they hide?
Why could they still arrange
the family's property
and then go to die?
Were they really killed
by mountain bandits?
Lord Li.
I want to see the case files.
It seems these files
were indeed altered before.
Grandfather sent an urgent letter,
saying this matter
is likely related
to the Jinzhou massacre 17 years ago.
The Jinzhou massacre?
What?
You already took ten taels of silver.
That's not enough?
Enough, enough.
I wanted to say if I had known
she was the Beauty Slaughterer,
I definitely wouldn't have blamed her.
My Lord.
We beg you, release her.
She is our savior!
-She has merit, not guilt!
-True!
-That's right, my Lord.
-Please release her, our savior!
Our savior is here!
-Our savior is out!
-She is out!
-Thank you, our savior!
-Thank you!
Thank you!
-Our savior, what's wrong?
Why are you crying?
My younger sister
is also missing.
I still don't know where she is now.
We all have moments of carelessness.
I, too, because of carelessness,
lost my own daughter.
Everyone makes mistakes.
Your sister will definitely be found.
-Kindness will be rewarded.
-Yes.
-That's right.
-She will be found.
A mistake is a mistake.
Losing a child because of
my own carelessness,
how can I easily forgive myself?
If I don't remember this time,
I'll lose her again next time.
I should also learn my lesson.
Mrs. Fan.
Didn't you want to read
your parents' case files?
I found them.
YAMEN
Ms. Fan.
These are your family's murder case files.
Will you be affected
by my investigation of this case?
There are some characters
I don't quite recognize.
Which characters?
This one.
THE 12TH MONTH, 16TH YEAR OF ZHENGPING
CASE OF BANDIT MURDER: FAN ERNIU AND LIHUA
This one. This one.
I know these ones.
The rest is unknown to me.
Then let me read it for you.
Thank you.
"Sixteenth year of Yongping, October.
Fan Erniu of Lin'an Town
traveled with his wife.
They encountered misfortune on the road.
Fan Erniu, male, 45.
Clad in a gray short coat.
Multiple stab wounds
on chest and abdomen found.
This case's evidence is conclusive.
We have already dispatched people
to apprehend the true culprit."
I thought
I could find clues from the case files.
So my parents were indeed killed
by mountain bandits.
Even if it wasn't those ones
from Qingfeng Stronghold,
it would have been other bandits.
Ms. Fan.
What's past cannot be mended.
The future can still be pursued.
Mrs. Fan.
This is your package.
Check if anything is missing.
DIVORCE LETTER
HARMONY AND PROSPERITY FOR ALL
What are your plans for the future?
Find Ning quickly.
Auntie is still in Lin'an,
waiting for me to bring her back.
And Yan Zheng.
Whether he is dead or alive,
I will find him.
In that case,
why not stay here?
Let me help you find Ning.
The battle is imminent.
You must be very busy.
This is my family matter.
I won't trouble you with it.
Then…
If there's anything you need,
just ask me.
No need to keep it to youreself.
Thank you for your sincere help.
Previously, you paid
ten taels of silver for me.
I got them ready.
A while ago,
I helped Lin'an Yamen
destroy several human trafficking dens.
It wasn't anything great,
but they still gave me silver as a reward.
It's at the post station.
I will bring it to you once I return.
Alright.
Attendants.
Escort Mrs. Fan back.
This way, please.
Should we inform Lord He
about Mrs. Fan's matter?
Even Ms. Fan knows a battle is imminent.
No need to disturb military morale.
After all, the master
is the commander-in-chief.
We shouldn't disturb him, should we?
My Lord, an urgent letter
from the Grand Tutor.
After the grain route was destroyed,
Prince Changxin indeed couldn't hold on.
He retreated to Hongdaokou.
Next to come is the monsoon season.
Streams change course.
Mountain roads are hard to travel.
If Prince Changxin sends troops south,
he will inevitably pass through Baxia.
It's time to visit He Jingyuan.
Baxia is at the downstream of Wu River.
When the monsoon season comes,
General He can take men to the upstream
and build a dam secretly.
Marquis will act as bait alone downstream.
If the rebels fall for the trap,
they will suffer heavy losses.
This plan can lift the siege of Lucheng.
A flooding strategy.
This plan, though clever,
will be risking Marquis' life.
If anything goes wrong…
I feel I am not enough of the bait.
The cunning Sui Yuanqing
won't take it easily.
If General He trusts me,
before the main Yanzhou army arrives,
please give me a thousand men.
A thousand men?
Do you know
Sui Yuanqing
has 200,000 soldiers at Baxia?
It will be hard to escape
for too many soldiers.
This is a plan to lure the enemy.
You are peerless in wisdom and bravery.
Good, I agree.
Thank you, General He.
If we can lift the siege of Lucheng
and protect Jizhou,
it is I who should thank you both.
-Thank you, General.
General.
I came here this time
with one more request.
Speak.
I wish to keep it between us.
You all may leave.
Yes.
This way, please.
General He.
I planned straight for Baxia this time
for another reason. To rescue one person.
Prince Changxin's son kidnapped
my wife's younger sister.
I must rescue her.
Your wife's younger sister?
The younger Fan girl was captured?
It seems General He already knows
my relationship with the Fan family.
I dare to ask.
The Fan couple's murder case last year.
Do you know anything about it?
A bit too direct, aren't you?
General He?
So,
Fan Erniu was once my comrade
and friend in the same camp.
Before his death, he gave me a letter.
He told me to deliver it
to Chancellor Wei,
and advised me absolutely
not to open or read it.
So,
in order to make Chancellor Wei believe
you were still loyal to him,
you killed a former friend?
No. Brother Fan took his own life.
But it was after I arrived.
You could also say
it was forced by my presence.
If I hadn't gone there,
Chancellor Wei would have
sent someone else.
By that time,
it would have been "uprooting the grass
and destroying the roots."
Since ancient times,
loyalty and honor rarely align.
It's not entirely your fault.
But the old friend is gone.
I feel guilty in my heart.
The Fan girls' father
wasn't called Fan Erniu, was he?
What was his real name?
And what position did he hold
under the Chancellor?
Marquis.
This matter,
I absolutely cannot tell you.
At least let’s wait until
the two Fan sisters are safe.
I will personally tell her.
I want you to spread the word for me.
Say that
the girl Sui Yuanqing captured
is my daughter.
I will definitely rescue her.
Marquis.
What do you mean by this?
This is "turning
the enemy's trick against him."
Firstly,
make Sui Yuanqing believe the Marquis
is desperate for his daughter.
He will be reckless and do it alone.
This lowers the enemy‘s guard.
Secondly,
we can let Sui Yuanqing know
he holds a valuable hostage.
The younger girl will not be
in life-threatening danger.
You have a thorough plan.
I entrust the younger Fan girl
to you, Marquis.
Otherwise, I would be too ashamed
to face my old friend.
Rest assured, General.
I will definitely bring her back safely.
Truly, fate toys with people.
General.
Peiyi, come.
There is a matter, heinous,
that may bring the scorn of the world.
Will you do it or not?
My life was saved by you, General.
Every day I live is an extra gift.
What's reputation?
Please speak, General.
Come.
If Prince Changxin's army wants to attack
during the monsoon season,
they will definitely pass through Baxia.
NORTHWEST POST STATION
Beauty Slaughterer!
Beauty Slaughterer, slow down!
-It's on the Chongzhou side, right?
-Yes.
I heard them talk about it
when I was looking for children before.
There is a refugee camp in Baxia,
holding lots of kids.
You should go look there.
See if your sister is there.
Head west, right?
Yes. Go through Baxia, then you'll see it.
JIZHOU PREFECTURAL OFFICE
The matter of Wei Qilin
should be Wei Yan's design
to cover up that year's scandal.
It is to deliberately frame him.
PEACE AND PROSPERITY ALONG THE BORDERS
Wei Yan's character is more than just
power manipulation and autocracy.
He even doesn't hesitate,
for his own selfishness,
to drive loyal generals
and meritorious officials to death.
That’s enough to see his sinister cunning.
Now the war is imminent.
The position of Military Administrator
in the Jizhou army is still vacant.
You can enter the army.
Disintegrate the Wei faction.
After reading this letter, do not delay.
Go to the front lines immediately
to collect the grain.
It will stabilize military morale.
And you can seek a military position.
My Lord.
Mrs. Fan left.
She asked someone to deliver you ten taels
to repay you.
I searched everywhere
but couldn't find her.
I know you want to help Mrs. Fan,
but this war cannot be delayed either.
Master!
Changyu.
My apologies, Miss.
I mistook you for someone.
Leave two people guarding here.
If she returns looking for someone,
tell her my direction.
Yes.
Set out.
JIZHOU PREFECTURAL OFFICE
My lord, the Young Master asked
if you could check on his schoolwork.
Bring him in.
Young Master, come quickly.
What kind of crap is this?
The characters are so weak.
Rewrite.
Dad.
Fa… Father.
If I write it well,
can I go see my mother?
What did you say?
If I write it well,
can I go see my mother?
Who allowed you
to call me father?
Usually,
what does your mom say about your father?
My mother says
Daddy is a great hero.
If one day Bao'er is captured
by bad people,
someone will definitely ask
who your daddy is.
You just tell them
your daddy is a great hero.
Is my daddy really a great hero?
Of course not.
But saying that can save your life.
You must be utterly sincere.
Say your daddy is a great hero. Remember.
This is what your mother
taught you to say, right?
My mother often says this to me.
What else has she said?
Daddy is a great hero who does big things.
He… He loves us very much.
It's just that Daddy also
has to look after this country.
He c-can't come see us often.
Little brat.
Not a word of truth from your mouth.
Your mother is a big liar.
You're a little liar.
But I like hearing it.
Practice your writing.
My lord, spare me!
Drag her out. Beat to death.
-Yes.
-My lord, spare me!
My lord, spare me!
My lord, I was wrong!
I know my wrongdoing.
My lord, spare me!
I won't dare do it again next time!
Bao'er…
My lord, spare me!
Spare me!
My lord!
Is your father
still a great hero?
Daddy is a great hero.
Keep practicing.
It's already spring.
How can the stream be this shallow?
Miss, save me!
Miss.
Ran into mountain bandits?
Miss, I'm not a villain.
The government officials
weren't treating us as humans!
They want us citizens to quarry stone
outside the mountains.
I'm going to hide in the woods.
Don't tell my whereabouts.
I have a whole family to raise.
If they capture me,
I probably won't survive
Halt.
Miss, did you see a man pass by?
-Yes.
-Which way did he go?
This one.
You two, continue pursuit along that road.
-The rest, come with me.
-Yes.
I thank you on behalf
of my whole family, Miss.
Thank you, Miss.
It was nothing.
No need for thanks.
Miss, any more food?
I haven't eaten in days.
I'll get it for you.
Sneak attacking me!
Do you think I'm easy to bully?
You…
When did you figure it out?
There is the sound of metal clashing
from your sleeve.
Clearly a dagger.
You definitely wanted to take my horse
and escape.
-Hyah!
-Halt.
Why did you lie to me?
Officer, just now,
I was tricked by this person.
He said he had a whole family to raise.
He wanted me to hide
his whereabouts for him.
Just now, he still wanted to do me harm.
I subdued him.
Tie them both up. Take them both away.
Officer, I was wronged!
Just now, I didn't know the situation.
But then I subdued him again.
Consider it making up for my mistake.
Spare me from punishment.
He's a Chongzhou scout.
Who knows if you aren't
a Chongzhou rebel too?
Seeing you couldn't take this scout,
then you acted out this play together.
I have household registration documents.
Officer, I'm from Jizhou.
Since you're from Jizhou,
now right in the middle of war,
why are you running towards Chongzhou?
We are not here to verify your identity.
It can wait until we return.
Take them away.
Move.
NO ANIMALS WERE HARMED
IN THE MAKING OF THIS EPISODE
Subtitle Translation by: Peng Peng